- Tasks

(if statement)
> Using the let keyword, declare a variable named sale. Assign the value true to it.

> Now create an if statement. Provide the if statement a condition of sale.
Inside the code block of the if statement, console.log() the string 'Time to buy!'

(if_else statement)
> Add an else statement to the existing if statement. 
Inside the code block of the else statement, console.log() the string 'Time to wait for a sale.'

(Comparison Operators)
> Using let, create a variable named hungerLevel and set it equal to 7.

(Logical Operators)
> In logical_operators.js there are two variables mood and tirednessLevel.

> Let’s create an if...else statement that checks if mood is 'sleepy' and tirednessLevel is greater than 8.

> If both conditions evaluate to true, then console.log() the string 'time to sleep'. 
Otherwise, we should console.log() 'not bed time yet'.

> After you press “Run”, play around with the || operator and the ! operator! 
What happens if you negate the value of the entire statement with ! and switch to || instead of &&?

(Truthy & Falsy Values)
> In truthy_falsy.js, Change the value of wordCount so that it is truthy. This value should still be a number.
After you make this change and run your code, 'Great! You've started your work!' should log to the console.

> Change the value of favoritePhrase so that it is still a string but falsy.
After you make this change and run your code, 'This string is definitely empty.' should log to the console.

(Truthy and Falsy Assignment)
> Let’s use short-circuit evaluation to assign a value to writingUtensil. 
Do not edit tool yet, we’ll return to tool in the next step.
Assign to writingUtensil the value of tool and if tool is falsy, assign a default value of 'pen'.

(Ternary Operator)
> Refactor, or edit, the first if...else block to use a ternary operator.
> Refactor, or edit, the second if...else block to use a ternary operator.
> Refactor, or edit, the last if...else block to use a ternary operator.


(Else If Statements)
> Let’s create a program that keeps track of the way the environment changes with the seasons. 
Write a conditional statement to make this happen!
In else_if_statements.js there is already an if...else statement in place. 
Let’s add an else if statement that checks if season is equal to 'winter'.
Inside the code block of the else if statement, add a console.log() 
that prints the string 'It\'s winter! Everything is covered in snow.'.
Make sure that the structure uses if, else if, and else.

> Add another else if statement that checks if season is equal to 'fall'.
Inside the code block of the else if statement you just created, add a console.log() 
that prints the string 'It\'s fall! Leaves are falling!'.

> Add a final else if statement that checks if season is equal to 'summer'.
Inside the code block of the else if statement you just created, add a console.log() 
that prints the string 'It\'s sunny and warm because it\'s summer!'.

(Switch Statements)
> Let’s write a switch statement to decide what medal to award an athlete.
'athleteFinalPosition' is already defined at the top of switch_keywords.js. 
So start by writing a switch statement with 'athleteFinalPosition' as its expression.

> Inside the switch statement, add three cases:
The first case checks for the value 'first place'
If the expression’s value matches the value of the case then console.log() 
the string 'You get the gold medal!'

The second case checks for the value 'second place'
If the expression’s value matches the value of the case then console.log() 
the string 'You get the silver medal!'

The third case checks for the value 'third place'
If the expression’s value matches the value of the case then console.log() 
the string 'You get the bronze medal!'

Remember to add a break after each console.log().

> 